[Blackpink House]
[Blackpink's official Instagram]
Hi.
[Jennie's Tour]
[#Speedmaniac #Love_Heights
#Want_some_water?_lt's_for_you]
[Exciting Jendeuk Tour (feat. seasick)]
[Off to the open sea]
[See you]
- Take care. - See you!
Are you not watching us?
[We're not feeling well]
- I get seasick.
[Jennie gave up parasailing due to seasick]
I get seasick.
Do you not care at all!
[Be safe]
Bye.
I'm not going to get on that boat.
[The boat is heading to
the parasailing point]
[Speed up]
What can we do other than speed up?
[What can we do other than fly?]
[Froze]
I'm so scared.
[Lisa is the first one to go]
- Bye, Lisa. - I'm going.
[Brave Lisa]
Am I really going?
[Yes, you're really going]
[Saying good-bye?]
Bye, Lisa.
I'm scared!
I'm taking off!
[Floating above the waters]
[Taking pictures of Lisa up in the sky]
This is so scary!
[Flying high in the sky
with a scream]
[Feeling the sky and the waters]
[Soaring higher...!]
[Freedom in the sky]
Hang on.
It's so high!
She's going insanely high!
[It's worth keeping]
She went up so high.
Can you hear me?
[Do you copy]
I said, can you hear me!
[Cringe warning]
It might be a little cringy.
[Suddenly serious]
It's so nice to travel together.
I want to build a lot of
great memories together.
I love you, girls.
[So bored]
I want to ride a jet ski again.
[Future dream?]
I should get one if I become rich.
- Right.
- I can keep it in my garage.
I can haul my boat
down the road.
[But what do I do with seasickness?]
[Scared Jisoo,
soaring on an invisible chair]
Mom!
[Filial daughter Jisoo
thinks about her mom in Thailand]
[Taking pictures of the filial daughter]
Hi, the camera is filming me.
[Hold that thought]
[Let's look at her hair
while she calms down]
It'd hurt really bad if I fall
from this height.
[That won't happen]
[Identifying herself, just in case]
It's me. I'm Kim Jisoo.
[What took you so long... Tired of waiting]
How was it?
We waited for you like forever.
[Jisoo and Lisa are back on land]
Really.
[You should try]
It went up really high.
[A fan of heights]
I saw that. You flew really high.
[Feeling up for it again]
- Really? - It sounds so fun.
[Spoil the mood]
But you probably can't do it.
- Why?
- You should go out to the sea on a boat.
Oh, did you feel seasick?
- Did you feel seasick?
- What should we do?
[Honest review]
It's not bad. But if you get really seasick...
[Tempted, I want to fly too...!]
- That looks so fun! - It floats like this.
[Desperate]
Jennie, is it going to be too hard?
[I should keep Rosé company]
[Jennie and Rosé are on the boat?!]
[Wrong! With Lisa]
- I feel dizzy.
- This is exciting. - Way to go!
[Excited Chaeng]
I love heights.
[Guilty]
- I'm okay. - I don't mind going by myself. - No.
[Taking pictures is a must]
Who would take your pictures?
[Heart racing]
I didn't want Chaeyoung to go by herself
because it was her first time.
I thought she'd want to
have some photos.
[Jennie has a long face]
[Jennie is bummed out]
[Let's fly high!]
It's so fun!
[I'll take your pictures]
It's so pretty!
I'm so happy!
[A flying object in front of Chaeng]
There's a drone.
[Hello, drone!]
Hi.
Hi!
[Chaeng's parasailing ended safely]
[Seasick]
[Lisa is getting seasick]
Are you okay, Lisa?
[Chaeng is worried about Lisa]
- Huh? - Oh no.
- Are you okay? You're seasick.
- I'm okay. - Look ahead.
[It's natural she feels seasick...
Lisa has been on a boat for 2 hours]
[She felt seasick as soon as she got on the boat]
Seasick.
I feel seasick too.
[Lisa got on the boat to keep Rosé company]
- I'm dizzy. - Dizzy? Oh no.
- It's okay.
- Why did you come?
[She took pictures of Rosé
though she was seasick]
- How was it?
- It was so fun.
- Did you leave some message up there?
- Yes, I did.
[Tell me]
- What did you say? - It's a secret.
[Shh! It's a secret]
- Come on. Tell me. - Check out the show later.
[Check out the message on the show]
You can tell me.
[We get seasick together]
We're friends.
I love our members.
Lisa! Hi!
Though we sometimes argue,
I really care about you.
[You're quite all right]
[Though they sometimes argue,
they care about each other]
[Friends of the same age,
Lisa and Chaeyoung]
[The ultimate Jendeuk tour, banana boat]
We should go left and right.
- The key is team work.
- Because it's...
[United we stand, divided we fall into the water!]
- Way to go! - No! - Bye!
[Excited Lisa can't stay still]
Bye!
- I don't want to fall into the water.
- Stop it! Stop moving!
Let's go!
- Are we going to fall into the water?
- It's scary. - I'm scared.
- Are you going to fall into the water?
- Slow, slow!
Slow, slow!
Just sightseeing, okay?
Just sightseeing.
Let's just go sightseeing,
slowly like this.
Fall into the water, no money,
okay?
I have no money anyway.
- Go ahead.
- Don't provoke them.
Hey! Don't provoke them!
[Lisa's input is received]
Let's do it!
Oh no! Hold it tightly.
Once again! I'm so scared!
Long time no see!
[Stream of consciousness]
Oh my God!
[It's too fast]
Fall into the water,
no money!
[Slow motion...]
[Wobbly]
[Scream]
Sense of direction! Sense of direction!
Sense of direction!
[Captain Jennie's scream]
- We are tough!
- We don't fall into the water!
We really rock!
[Are you sure... you can handle THIS...]
[Wobble]
[Sense of direction]
[Still happy]
[Fall into the water, have fun in the water]
[The beaches of Koh Samui were memorable]
It was pretty rough for me.
But it was so fun watching
them fall into the water.
[Chapter5 #Koh Samui_BPTour
#Memories #1stTrip_success]
[Romantic night after
a playful day in Koh Samui]
[Night view that they
didn't realize on the first night]
[What would the night be like
in Koh Samui?]
[Wow! Sleek facade]
We're sent to
a romantic place.
[Feeling hungry after a day in the sea]
Really...
- It looks so delicious!
- Lisa likes it. - I like pineapples!
[Appetizing dishes]
[Various kinds of fries]
[#Travel channel_eating broadcast]
[#Ritual before eating] 1, 2, 3.
- I need to something. I'm starving.
- Me, too. - I'm hungry.
I think we have more appetite here.
[Will you join us?]
[Li-Chaeng feed each other]
[Chaeng is always quiet when eating]
- Previously, - At the airport...
This is delicious.
[Eating lobster first]
[And steak]
[And pineapple rice]
[And... Thai Crab Curry, too!]
[Amazing appetite]
It's amazing that we're
at such a beautiful place.
There's is a beach over there.
[Now they realize after eating for a while]
You can hear the sound of waves.
Let's go to the beach
after eating.
- There's a beach.
- I want to go down there.
What's that place?
So shiny.
[Here?]
A night market.
What's that?
[Koh Samui's hip place
Night market & beach bar]
What's that?
Someone is playing with fire!
[That's the fire show I said!]
I told you so!
Let's go there after having dinner.
[Let's go on Nala-Lisa tour!]
- "I told you so!" - OK.
[Blackpink House official Instagram]
[Nala-Lisa Tour]
[#More beautiful at night #Shopping
#Eating broadcast #Everything is possible]
[#You'll see what we do
when we're excited]
Let's go, go to the night market!
Lisa, what's a night market in Thai?
Night market?
Talat Rot!
- Talat Rot!
[Listen and repeat]
- Again. - Tal. - Tal.
- Lat. - Lat.
- Rot. - Rot.
- Talat Rot.
[If you can't speak Thai,
please take a class at Lisa School]
What would you say
at the market?
How much is it?
It's expensive, right?
[Everything boils down to "I'm broke"]
- I'm broke. - I'm broke.
Please give me a discount.
[Kim Jisoo/Beginner's level
in Thai (Customer)]
How much? Too expensive.
- Acting practice.
- Please give me a discount.
I'm broke.
[Mastered what to say at a market]
OK, good. Perfect.
[Nala-Lisa tour destination
: Night market]
A night market!
[Let's get it]
So excited.
[Chaweng street
: Shopping district in Koh Samui]
[Chaweng Street is Koh Samui's
representative shopping district]
[full of restaurants, a night market
and places for entertainment]
Wow, let's go!
Is this a part of the night market?
- It's just a shopping district.
- The entire strict is ahead of us.
[The entire street is a night market]
That's so nice.
- Muffler!
- Pretty.
- How do you like it?
- Amazing.
[Even Lisa is so excited to
shop at Koh Samui's night market]
I'm so excited, too!
[Please say one by one]
- Flowers! - Look at this bag.
- The bag is cute. - Cute.
- Shall we wear a flower in the head?
- An elephant bag.
- OK.
- A small one is 50 baht.
[Difference is 30 won]
A big on is 60 baht.
- Look at the difference.
- A big one is prettier.
[Big flower group: Let's buy it's pretty]
[Small flower group: They're cuter]
- 60 baht? - They're small and cute.
[Hard to narrow the gap]
But it has a big pin.
[Thinking hard]
- The pin looks weird.
- It doesn't matter since the pin is big.
This pin looks weird.
Let's buy these.
[Chaeyoung, please pick one]
- Pick one for us. - OK, hang on.
[Flower master Chaeng will pick one for you]
- I need to check out your outfits.
- We're smiling.
[Without checking at the outfits...
They're just like flowers]
Simple white one for Jennie.
[Simple white flower for
the black and white lover]
- Can we just take it off the rack?
- I guess so.
Please tell them we're
going to buy after trying.
[Beautiful]
- Pretty. - Cute. - You're so gorgeous.
- Pretty. - For Jisoo...
- It was like an award ceremony.
- I think this will look good on you.
- Flower giving ceremony.
[We'd like to convey
a flower to Ms. Kim Jisoo]
For you, this one.
[Red & Red,
Red flower for her red lips]
[Yellow one for yellowish hair]
- As I like yellow...
- It matches your hair color well.
- For you, this.
- This?
[Jisoo's recommendation]
This?
This? Is it better?
[Thinking hard, looking in the mirror]
Hot pink?
- I'll take a hot pink one.
- OK.
[Done for everyone!]
That will look pretty.
Because of your outfit...
[Rosé: Hot pink Lisa: Yellow
Jennie: White Jisoo: Red]
[They stopped taking 10 steps]
- Food. - Like Lisa, I wanted to
carry a pretty cross bag
[Exotic mini-sized cross bag]
and walk on the street.
[I want to buy them all]
- That's pretty. - This is cute, too.
- They are cute.
- I want to try something exotic.
[Jennie, please do whatever you want!]
What about this?
Or that one is cute, too.
[2nd debate]
- I think it looks well on me.
- They're cute.
[What's the solution for a shopping
dilemma - I want to buy all]
- This. - The front one, right?
[The result is... I love it!]
That's nice. Cute.
- Cute.
- This is cute. - Cute.
[Thai class students
are saying in one voice]
Right, good.
[Girls buy things following their friends]
That's pretty.
I think it fits the bag.
IT looks so nice on you.
- Cute.
- We missed the restaurant.
- What's that?
- Pan cake.
[We need to eat something]
- Pan cake. - We have to go there.
- There's another one.
- The strict begins here.
[They found another menu]
- Good. - A crepe place!
- Crepe place!
- Crepes that you love!
[Their voice became louder
in front of delicious food]
You like crepes.
Look, they have an egg crepe.
[Crepe: French-style thin pancake]
- Good! - Let's take a pic.
[Everyone starts taking pics]
Me, too.
What?
Oh, the dough expanded.
I thought she put banana.
[Please wait for the banana]
- No. - What's this?
- No way. - What's this?
- It looks yum. It smells good.
[Smelling]
[Enjoying the smell]
It looks so delicious.
[Please add a lot of chocolate]
[Thank you (In a polite manner)]
- Thank you. - OK.
[Best crepe ever in my life]
Delicious.
It's so delicious.
[Now I realized other two are missing]
Where are they?
[They're here]
- Look at that oil pan. - It's fried.
[Pan cake place full of butter scent]
- It looks so yum. - Right.
- Hey, they fry a pancake in butter.
- Oh, my. It looks so yum!
- Let's have one.
- I'll have this.
[We're going to eat this]
- Banana and strawberry? - Yes.
[Since they're doing fine...]
They're buying something.
[Let's enjoy crepes!]
That pan cake is delicious, too.
It's called Lotti.
[I'm eating so seriously
because it's delicious!]
- This is so my type!
- Glad that you like this.
[Bringing another plate
for Rosé and Jennie]
Thank you.
[Eating first, paying later]
[No money?]
Oh, my. I don't have money.
Chaeyoung!
[SOS
Chaeyoung is busy]
[Jisoo thought...
Oh, I have this skill]
[Jisoo's lethal move]
- Chaeyoung, we're broke!
- We're broke!
We have no money!
[Got it]
- No money? OK. - Go. I'll get this.
We're broke!
[Did she turn off the light
because they're broke?]
She's surprised.
I guess we're eccentric.
[I'm here to save you]
The light went off when we arrived.
It was 240...
200 something.
[Eating broadcast that brightens the dark]
- Hey, that's a good one!
- Delicious? - Amazing.
Curious. Let me have a bite.
[Finished one plate!]
[The true entertainment begins now!]
Party! Over there!
[Walking to the Chaweng beach]
- It's the beach!
- It's the sound of the beach!
[What's this place
with flash lighting?]
[Club-like beach bar
located close to the beach]
[Have you never been to?
This is the hottest spot these days!]
[Be careful: You can
be wet by the waves]
[Music completed by
the sound of waves]
[If you lie on the sun bed]
Arrived!
[you can see the sea at the front]
It's amazing.
The sea is right in front of us.
[Beach bar's signature fire show]
[This is what we sang...]
Isn't it hot?
[Playing with fire?]
[Is this real?]
- Amazing. - So cool.
[Drawing attention]
[Wow]
[Memories of "Playing With Fire"]
[Blackpink X Fire show guys]
[Playing With Fire (Koh Samui version)]
[World's first release]
They're really playing with fire!
[Scared!]
[Be careful of fire
Call 119 when you spot a fire]
- Playing with fire!
- Thank you.
- It's so hot.
- Hot.
- I'm sweating.
- It's too hot.
- He asked, "Are you hot?"
- "Are you hot?"
It's too hot.
[Cool drinks are served to cool you down]
Thank you.
[For the first travel of Blackpink!]
Cheers for our first trip together!
We won't be able to
enjoy a trip freely like this.
If we can go around freely
like this in Korea,
what do you want to do?
[Thinking carefully]
- What about others?
- I'll wear a bikini swimsuit
and ride a horse on the beach.
[Riding a horse
wearing a bikini swimsuit?]
- Wow!
- Horseback riding on a beach.
[Sounds hotter than a fire show]
Awesome.
[It's not a surprising thing]
Many do that in other countries.
[Amusement park! (Feat: Let's go soon)]
I want to go to an amusement park.
[Let's have fun, enjoy the night!]
Nobody pays attention to me!
Love it!
[OH, my! Someone just
played Boombayah]
[You don't have to do this...]
What?
- We always ignore when people
play our songs at a restaurant. - Right.
[Embarrassed]
Should we dance here?
[We need to do this at least]
Let's do this.
[Boombayah]
Clean the window.
- Oh, my!
- It's too hot. Hotter than
when being close to fire.
[Baby dance version]
[European dance version]
Lisa, go and do the taxi dance.
Hurry up. Lisa, please.
[Excited Lisa is joining!]
[Rosé joins, too!]
[Everyone smiles like a baby]
[Nala-Lisa tour is full of excitement!]
It was fun. So much fun.
[Nala-Lisa tour is my type!]
I think Nala-Lisa tour was the best part.
[Blackpink's first overseas trip]
[Free from others' attention]
[They enjoyed being themselves
throughout the trip]
[They were amazed by
the exotic landscape]
[They were excited for things that
they've never tried before]
[But they liked this trip
because they were together]
[The night grows late,
and their friendship grows bigger
a.k.a Nala-Lisa tour]
[The morning dawned]
[Rain starts falling]
[Oh... It's disappointing]
- Everyone, we just did it again.
- Again.
It's raining.
We brought the rain cloud here!
It's raining again.
- Cold. - It's no surprise.
- At Koh Samui,
I never imagined
it could be cold here.
I heard Thai fans were praying
for sunny days.
[It started raining]
But it was raining when I woke up.
[It will rain throughout the week...]
I guess we're bringing rain cloud.
Until the next Friday.
That may not be our fault.
[Rain never stops]
When it rains, it's great to
sleep hearing the sound of rain.
[Putting into practice!]
[I can sleep for 12 hours]
[What do Li-Chaeng do?]
[Unexpected concert]
It feels so lovely, as it is raining.
I love this.
Rainy morning
feels a bit different.
[Showing off the perfect
teamwork while playing songs]
That's nice. Let's work out.
[They ended up with a weird dance]
[It can go wild]
It hurts!
[Playing with slime in Koh Samui?]
I want to do this for all day.
[So happy]
I used to play with slime
by making Songpyeon.
(Korean traditional rice cake)
[Spreading Korean food to Koh Samui]
Let's make Songpyeon in Koh Samui.
[Let's see who makes better]
- Done. - Too small.
[Ta-da!]
Look! I made one!
You're good at this.
[Older members] [Younger members]
Jisoo's slime class
[Difference of members]
to make Songpyeon or dumplings.
or dumplings.
[It keeps raining]
[Chaeng tour's schedule:
Going to a mountain peak]
Today is for Rosé tour.
- Chaeyoung and Jisoo tour.
- All right.
It was Rosé tour day.
We planned to enjoy the zipline!
[We planned to hike a mountain
and do various stuffs...]
[The weather is... Sad]
It keeps raining.
I checked and we can try
that even if it rains.
[Not convincing]
We can wear raincoats and ride.
[Wearing a raincoat now?]
Because it rains,
I was sorry to push ahead
with this plan.
I wasn't sure whether
we should go or not.
[Big decision]
Let's go.
I'm so excited.
[BLACKPINK Official VLIVE Channel Ver]
JTBC2 E05 Blackpink House
-= Ruo Xi =-
[Convenience store?]
It's Seven Eleven.
[Let's drop by!
Blackpink's favorite store]
It's huge.
[Chaeng tour's additional schedule
: Buying snacks at a convenience store]
[Excited]
[Tour customer's satisfaction: Best]
[Foods that they've never seen]
I can't tell what it is made of.
[What do we need now?]
Lisa, what's this?
Lisa, is this coconut juice?
- Lisa. - Lisa.
- Lisa, is this delicious?
[Ask everything to Lisa]
Lisa, what's this?
- This is delicious.
- What's this?
- Rather than this...
- It's cute.
[We will eat them all!]
[Getting in the car with a lot of snacks]
Did we shop at a mart?
[Dried laver snack is my type]
Lisa, it was a great choice
[MCs of the K-pop show are models]
My co-workers are models of it.
They shot this commercial
and brought some.
[I want to be on snacks]
[Dear advertisers...
Are you watching us now?]
[We're so cute and pretty
when eating snacks]
[The car is now entering a forest
while appealing to advertisers]
- Is this a jungle? - Jungle?
- There's a really high place over there.
- Really?
[The high place that Rosé wanted!]
[Blackpink House official Instagram]
[Chaeng Tour]
[#Real adventure #Shout out loud]
Awesome.
[You thought it would be only fun?]
[#A bit wild #Extreme
#I hope you're fine]
I didnt' know it's so extreme!
Tired.
[BLACK weather, pink girls]
It heavily rains.
- I can't see ahead.
- Let's go.
It's hard to move arms.
[Jisoo is frozen]
- This raincoat. - Right.
[So serious]
[Zipline pictures]
[#Dizzy #So high #I'm scared]
[Feeling uneasy]
I think it's going to be
- hard for me.
- Do we need to climb up?
You don't think you can ride it?
I don't like riding stuffs
at high places.
[Chaeng tour, no, no. Scared]
Rosé Tour... no, no.
[This is different from parasailing]
[Jisoo, come on up!]
[Safety instruction before riding zipline]
- Hello. - Hello.
Please get equipped with
safety devices.
[Devices that look amazing]
[Can't hear]
He says don't worry.
[I can't help but worrying...]
It will protect your safety.
[The oldest sister Chichoo
musters up her courage for Chaeng]
[Will it be OK?]
[Rosé is ready!]
[Lisa is ready!]
[Jennie is ready!]
[Not me...]
[Already feeling nervous]
- Scared. It's too high! - Way to go!
[Perfect timing! It's now drizzling]
Let's go!
I need to tie this up.
[Arrived at the starting point]
[There are 10 zipline routes
according to the difficulty level]
It's going to be fun!
That's what I wanted.
[The one who didn't want this]
I'm so scared. I don't know when to ride.
[Going first versus last]
Which will be less scary?
[Cool Jendeuk]
I don't care. I can go anytime.
[Who will go first?]
- OK, are you ready? - Yes.
[Me!]
[A bit nervous]
[I am more nervous...]
If you're ready, let's go!
[Bye girls]
See you down there.
[We can't send you off]
- See you! - See you there!
[Go!]
[The destination is over there!
The easiest course]
OK!
It's not scary. Not at all.
[It looks scary...]
- I am scared. - Scared?
[Rosé is ready]
Go!
[Stable position]
[It's so much fun!]
[Arrived safely]
So much fun!
[Satisfied]
[Let's go, Lisa!]
[Like a flying bird]
Awesome!
[knock knock, hey?]
[When Lisa departed...
Gasp!]
He pushed her! He did it!
[It's your turn, Jisoo]
[Can't move]
- Scared.
- Wake up! Wake up! (From the fear)
- It's OK.
- I'm not tall.
- I don't think I can.
- You can do it.
[Tiptoeing]
- I don't think I can do this!
- You can do it!
[You can do it!]
Just relax, see?
[Her feet are... in the air!]
Let's go!
[Fear]
[Joy]
[Peace]
How does it feel? Nice?
[It wasn't that scary
after riding]
Let's go.
[Move to the intermediate course]
It's just a forest.
- Oh, my!
What's wrong?
[They have to go into a forest]
My shoes!
I chose wrong shoes.
[It feels like trekking]
It's like trekking.
[Rain starts falling again]
[Breathing hard]
I can't walk too long. Too tired.
- I had to choose right shoes.
- Sorry to hear that.
[Oh my god! For zipline,
Sandles (X) Sneakers (O)]
[R U OK?]
Is it OK? Are you OK?
I'm Jisoo. I'm OK.
[It doesn't look you're OK]
Is it the sound of monkeys?
[Now I have auditory hallucination]
It sounds like people shouting.
[There's a long way to go]
I didn't know how extreme it is.
- Me, too.
- Extreme!
[Disappointed]
- I thought it would end instantly.
- Right.
[Destination]
[It takes 20 mins to get
the 2nd route's starting point]
Yay!
[What did I hear?]
[Jisoo has changed]
Yay!
[Breathing hard]
- Are you OK? - Yes.
[Oh, no]
Your shoes...
[Rosé's uncomfortable sandles]
- I will throw them away later.
- Your feet must hurt.
My feet... Do my feet look blue?
Why?
- Do they look blue?
- Oh, no.
[I said it's OK]
It's OK.
[After riding the zipline]
My feet! Oh, my!
[Her feet turn blue]
It's the same color
as my pedicure.
[Zipline's memories in her feet]
- Matching color. - What should I do?
[Let's shout out way to go]
- Oh, my. - Way to go! - OK?
[Challenge! The higher and
longer 2nd course]
Wow!
Wow! I got goosebumps.
[Jennie is so excited]
Safety first.
Let's go!
[Enjoying the landscape
against the breeze]
[Breathing in fresh air
like traveling in the forest]
[Wow]
It feels like my fantasy came true.
[The 4th course]
[Someone is suffering]
[Oh my... Mom...]
[Speed up! Thrilled and exciting!]
Awesome!
It's so fast!
Oh, my!
[It's not scary anymore
if we can ride together]
[The 9th course]
[Oh...]
[I'm Tarzan!]
I was scared first
But I like mountains.
It felt great since
I came up on a mountain.
It felt like I became Tarzan.
I loved that.
[Jisoo overcame her fear[
[Something drew their attention]
Look at there. So beautiful.
- Right.
- It's so cool. Nostalgic.
[Like a picture on a rainy day]
It feels different from sunny days.
That's amazing.
Look at the mist over there.
[Now they don't mind raining]
- It's cool to do this in the rain.
- Right.
Koh Samui, are you
taking a shower now?
[I'm scrubbing myself!]
That's cool. Look at trees over there.
- Those like palm trees.
- So beautiful.
- So cool.
- They are coconut trees.
[Childlike]
[This is not the end!]
[The last 10th course
= Course for a sudden descending]
[Feeling dizzy]
- Why?
- We're going throught the hole. - Now?
They didn't mention before!
Slowly, please.
[Even brave Jendeuk is scared]
Scary.
[Still, Jennie goes first]
- Way to go!
- Bye.
- OK?
- OK.
Scared.
[Dropping down to the ground!]
Ohhhhh!
Oh my gosh! It's so scary.
[Jisoo, wish you good luck!]
If I felt scared,
Jisoo would cry.
[Lisa goes second]
Please let me go slowly.
This is OK for me.
[Shouting briefly but imressively!]
Awesome.
- Isn't it awesome?
- Awesome!
[Pushing Rosé to go first]
Rosé will do first-.
- Please tell him to let me go slowly.
- Sure.
[It feels so scary from top]
How did they do this? It's scar.
- Scarier than I imagined.
- Be.
[Dropped!]
Isn't it awesome?
That was no joke!
Full of thrill!
Please let me go slowly.
Slowly.
I'm so scared.
Scared. Slowly.
My heart beats so fast.
- Let's see.
- He told me that it's your choice.
[Users can choose the speed...
(Jisoo doesn't know)]
Oh, Uh... Arg...!
- Huh?
- OK?
[Not OK...]
Now I know!
[Younger ones are having fun down there]
Liar!
I remember his face.
[I'll revenge!]
He promised me to
let me go slowly!
[Chaeng tour is over!
Chaeyoung herself loved it]
It was fun.
It was so thrilling!
More than I imagined.
[Zipline tour in Koh Samui
was beyond imagination!]
I was glad that they liked it.
If we didn't do that,
I would be disappointed.
[Self-evaluation]
The zipline activity completed this trip.
[Excurstion at the end of their trip
that was full of thrill and fun]
I tried something I'd never experience
again, because I was with members.
[Exciting and thrilling Chaeng Tour]
It was a great memory.
[It was memorable
since we were together]
[The rain has let up]
[#Watch_your_heart_Chaeng Tour
What's_next?]
- I'm going to sleep.
- Good night.
[You're going to sleep?]
Don't snore, Lisa.
[That scared me]
[A grand finale of Koh Samui trip,
Lie Down Choo Tour "Massage"]
[Blackpink House official Instagram]
[Lie Down Choo Tour]
Lie down. Get a massage.
[#Relaxing #Jisoo_Tour #Lie_down #Literally]
- That feels good. - I know. - I love it.
[#Massage_away_fatigue_of_travel
#Client_satisfied]
[Jennie and Jisoo's room] - They wouldn't know what we've been through.
- No.
Healing time!
[Massage away the fatigue of travel]
I think I'm going to fall asleep.
[Healing time]
- It's refreshing. - It's so refreshing.
In a trip
[Finish the trip with a massage!]
a massage is the best.
- Argh.
- Does it hurt?
You jet-skied twice yesterday.
[Feeling tired from jet skiing twice]
I know.
[Mastered zip line courses 1-10]
We rode zip lines so much.
It wasn't that scary.
That's why your zipline
got shaken.
I was scared.
- It got really fun later.
- You took up your courage.
[Good job on taking courage]
Yes.
How do you like my tour?
[Willing to renew the contract]
I love it. This is the best.
[Proud]
[You can tell who's in this room from the feet]
How's it, Chaeyoung?
[Lisa]
- It's amazing. - Is it? - Yes.
This is really amazing.
This is why people get a Thai massage.
It's so refreshing.
I'm falling asleep.
[Jennie and Jisoo's room]
Asleep.
Which part are you getting a massage
right now?
[Excuse me... Anybody there?]
[Jisoo is asleep]
[Cracking]
[It's not just me who heard that sound... right?]
[Peek-a-boo]
[Feeling wide awake]
[Good stuff, once more!]
I believe I can fly.
I'm sorry.
[One more time to wake you up!]
[You have lots of knots]
[While Jisoo wakes up,
the night is falling down]
It's our last night
in Koh Samui.
[Unintended eye contact]
- Thank you.
[The last night in KOH SAMUI]
[The last night has come]
- We came here on the first night and the last.
- That's true.
We got to come to Thailand
where Lisa is from.
- For the first time!
- And it's not for work.
[The trip in Thailand together]
I'm so glad we came here for a vacation.
- I'm really glad as well.
- So am I.
[The first travel together
in over 5 years]
I think we're having a run of good luck.
It's such a great memory.
[#Great_memory #Stronger_bond]
There's a reason why Lisa is so cheerful.
[Thailand is Lisa]
I was able to feel that.
Let's stay warm and healthy
when we go back to Korea.
Blackpink House!
[Blackpink's new year wish in 2018]
What do you want to do the most this year?
What you want to come true the most.
I think we all feel the same way.
- I hope we can release a new album.
- Ditto!
Ditto. For real.
[Blackpink and BLINKs
share the same wish]
No matter how many tracks there are,
I want to put our heart and soul into every song.
With the CD and photos
perfectly prepared,
[Ta-da!]
- I want to present it to our fans. - Right.
We've yet to do that.
I can't wait to release our first album.
I want to release our album
and hold a concert for our fans.
[Rosé wishes for the first concert (feat. soon)]
I want to have that meaningful moment.
[Jisoo wants their album and cheer stick!]
What I want is our album and a cheer stick.
Cheer sticks are coming soon.
[Cheer sticks are coming soon]
Yeah, it's really (co)ming soon.
- Cheer sticks are coming soon.
- Ming soon?
[Who's Ming Soon?]
Coming soon.
[All your wishes will come true]
- It's the last night.
- Chaeyoung, give the final toast.
[As, as, as if it's the last
As if it's the last night TOAST]
[The final toast]
We came to wonderful, warm Thailand.
We kept ourselves warm
and got our heart melted.
When we go back to Korea,
let's celebrate the new year
by working even harder.
[Pledge to work hard]
- Let's cheer up and work hard. - We can do it.
- Way to go!
[All the things experienced in Thailand were new]
It was my first time here purely for a vacation.
I wondered when I would
get to do this again.
I was so glad that four of us
got to relax and hang out together.
I'll miss this trip.
I'm glad we built a lot of good memories.
[Every day was like a surprise]
It was so nice to come to Thailand
together for the first time.
[Travel is not going somewhere,
it's about meeting someone]
Our members got to experience Thailand
and Thai culture,
I was so happy for them.
[Things you wished
become a reality]
[Things you imagined
are before your eyes]
[Perfect moments in
Bangkok and Koh Samui]
[Blackpink House]
I can't wait to go there.
Is it going to be fun?
[Where is Blackpink heading to?]
I think it'll be totally fun.
[Here they are!]
[A fantasy land they've dreamed of]
[Excited] [Amusement part in a long time]
I'm so excited!
[Blackpink are psyched up]
[Having fun with animal friends during the day]
- So cute. - Here it is.
[Open your mouth]
So cute.
[Let's have some fun before sun set]
[Rides]
Hey.
[It's snow this time!]
[Here we go again]
[The Blackpink rule holds true]
Hurry up.
[Are they going to be okay this time...?]
It's snowing a lot.